taking a difficult assignment sometimes comes with additional stress.
And so again communicating with your loved ones communicating with your
friends. If you're able to even talk about your job because of the
sensitivity, I think is paramount to understand going into it that
this is just for a season, that it will be intense for a period of
time. But hopefully after, ah, little while it'll go back to a normal
and then at the same time making sure that you're really taking care
of yourself, making sure that your, um, personal body, your body,
your mental state, um, your spiritual state is where it needs to be
before you go into that assignment.